Add a note about when to load the library (#305)
GoogleChrome/web-vitals: README.md

<a name="import-web-vitals-from-npm"><a>

> The `web-vitals` library uses the `buffered` flag for [PerformanceObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceObserver/observe) meaning it receives all performance entries that happened before the library was loaded. This means you do not need to prioritse the loading of the `web-vitals` library. Given that, it is recommended to defer the library load until after the main content of the page is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `web-vitals` library uses the `buffered` flag for [PerformanceObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceObserver/observe), allowing it to access performance entries that occurred before the library was loaded.

This means you do not need to load this library early in order to get accurate performance data. In general, this library should be deferred until after other user-impacting code has loaded.
```
